Who dares
Brother Tiger, let me tell you the truth
Today I am here for Master Qin
This kid offended Master Qin
I'll talk to him
Master Qin, are you afraid?
Master Qin talks to him about business, this kid is so good
I went up and belittled one for Master Qin
Lord Qin's dinner is coming soon
Do you think he can still mix?
His dinner party
Lord Qin's dinner party is specially set for New Year's Eve
Isn't it just for good luck?
This kid is good
He gave Master Qin's wife a slap in the face
Do you say heaven can do it?
Song Qing, I'm not afraid if I dare to fight
Don't think you can move Qin Ye out
I can't do anything to you
Brother Tiger, I will teach you a good lesson
It's on me.
Ok hey
Drag him out for me to dry him out of the wind and rain
My dear, my dear, my dear, I
Get out of here and kill me!
Fuck him for me
Bridge, why don't we hide first?
No, I have the best china in the whole world.
Don't be afraid.
Brother Hu, did you bring my stuff?
Brought someone
Take a look.
But I've never seen this kind of china before.
Can it work? Why is this broken?
That's right.
Brother Hu, please help me make more.
Ok I don't know what you want
No.
It's New Year's Eve, you can make a broken porcelain and go to the new master.
You are courting death
Don't worry.
Hello
OK
What's the matter? I have to go home. Something's wrong.